[Gabby gasps]
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Take us to the Dollhouse ♪
♪ Little by little
Let's live in the meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ What's the big surprise? ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Let's shrink right down and go inside ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Meow ♪
[Gabby] Oh, hi. I'm Pandy Paws.
I'm Gabby Girl's
best stuffed animal friend.
Who's Gabby, you ask?
I am! I'm Gabby.
Thanks for the introduction, Pandy Paws.
Paw bump?
[mimics explosion]
[giggles]
There you go, Pandy.
Welcome to my room.
I'm so glad you're here!
Let me show you around.
OK.
So, there's something in my room
that I really, really,
really, really love,
and it's all around my bedroom.
Can you guess what it is?
Cats!
Glittery cats, blue cats,
cat lamps.
And, of course, my real-life kitty, Floyd.
Say hi, Floyd.
[Floyd purring]
He's not much of a talker. [chuckles]
And the most cat-tastic thing of all is...
my Dollhouse!
Check it out.
There are so many rooms we can play in.
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
[gasps] Oh! Did you hear that sound?
That sound means it's time
for a Dollhouse Delivery! Look!
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow ♪
All right.
So, this is my Meow Meow Mailbox.
This is where my Dollhouse surprise
always comes.
Should we see what's inside today?
Yeah!
Ooh!
Look at our kitty-cat surprise box!
It's covered in sparkly planets and stars.
Let's see what's inside.
[gasps]
Meow!
It's a little kitty spaceship!
See the little cat ears?
Spacey.
Hey, we should fly this
over to the Dollhouse.
Come on.
[mimics spaceship whooshing]
[mimics radio crackle]
Coming in for landing.
[mimics spaceship whooshing]
This is the Fairy Tail Garden,
and this is Kitty Fairy.
See her little fairy wings?
She loves anything that can fly,
and she is gonna love this spaceship.
We should go into the Dollhouse
and show her! Come on.
Wait until you see this.
With these magical cat ears,
I can shrink down and play
with the Gabby Cats inside my Dollhouse.
Time to get tiny.
♪ A pinch on my left
Pinch, pinch on my right ♪
♪ Grab Pandy's hand and hold on tight! ♪
Whee!
Hey, I'm over here! Come on in!
Welcome to my Dollhouse!
We're in the Fairy Tail Garden.
First things first, let's find Pandy.
Do you see him?
I don't see him.
Hug attack!
[both giggle]
Pandy, you give the best hugs.
Oh, hi! It's me.
[exclaims] Pandy Paws!
Out there, I was a stuffed animal,
but in the Dollhouse, I come alive!
Mm! Yeah!
[both giggle]
Everything in the Dollhouse is cat-tastic.
I'm cat-tastic in the Dollhouse, too.
Check this out.
One pinch of my cat ears, and...
kitty-cat hair!
In the Dollhouse,
I can change my hair to whatever I want.
Like this.
Rainbow hair!
Rainbow's my favorite color.
Ooh! I have an idea.
Space hair for the spaceship!
That hair is meow-t of this world!
[giggles] Thanks, Pandy.
But I do have to say, of all the colors...
I like my own color the best.
Yep. Me, too.
-[Kitty Fairy] Ooh! What's this?
-[Gabby gasps] Look who it is!
Kitty Fairy!
Hi, guys!
Hey, Kitty Fairy.
What do you think of our spaceship?
[giggles] It's pretty cat-tastic!
Ooh! I like spaceships.
They fly, like me!
I knew she'd love it.
[Pandy grunts]
How do you open this thing?
I've never flown a spaceship before,
but I'm sure we can figure this out.
Hmm. Maybe this button opens up the hatch.
-Pandy, let me know if this works.
-[beep]
-[Pandy] Wahoo! Oof!
-[Gabby giggles]
[giggles] It worked!
[Pandy laughs]
What's all the racket up here?
Oh! Hi, CatRat. What's up?
"What's up"?
Me!
I was taking a nap before you woke me up.
[yawns]
So, if you wouldn't mind,
please, keeping it down.
[CatRat] Whoa-ho-ho!
What have we here?
[CatRat gasps]
This is the best,
shiniest cat bed I've ever seen!
Hey, CatRat, we get to play in there, too.
You know my motto:
"Shiny is miney."
[chuckles] Time for my catnap.
Nighty-nighty.
[CatRat purrs]
-Hey, CatRat, that's not a cat bed.
-[CatRat snores]
Wake up, CatRat!
-CatRat!
-[tapping on glass]
-[mutters] Shiny miney.
-Wow! That cat's a super sleeper.
[CatRat sighs]
-[beeping]
-[spaceship whirring]
Oh, no!
CatRat just rolled
onto the take-off button!
[Pandy] I'll get him!
[Pandy grunts]
I can't reach!
Let me try, Pandy.
Come on, spaceship, go down.
Go... down! [panting]
Oh, snapdragons!
I'm just not heavy enough.
If we can't reach CatRat,
how are we gonna get him down?
Hmm. I don't know... yet!
But I'm sure we'll come up with something.
Let's think.
[Gabby] Hmm.
[Kitty Fairy] Hmm.
[Pandy] Hmm.
I got something!
Maybe we can make something long enough
to reach the spaceship
and pull it back down.
Well, Baby Box can definitely help us
make something in the Craft Room.
Kitty Fairy,
will you keep an eye on CatRat?
You bet I will, Gabby.
[Gabby] Great. Thanks, Kitty Fairy!
Pandy, to the Craft Room!
Slide time!
-[Pandy] Yeah!
-[Gabby] Wahoo!
[both] Wahoo!
[both] Whee!
[both giggle]
-Hey, Cakey!
-Hi, Cakey!
Hi, guys!
Ooh, bananas!
Little snacky for my packy.
-[Gabby] Come on, Pandy! Let's go!
-Got to go.
[giggles] Bye, guys!
[Gabby] Cat-A-Vator, to the Craft Room!
[Gabby giggles]
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
[both] Thanks, Cat-A-Vator.
Hi, Baby Box.
Hi, Gabby. Hi, Pandy.
What's up?
We need your help, Baby Box.
CatRat accidentally launched
our new spaceship.
-And now he's floating away.
-Uh-oh.
We need to make something super long
so we can reach the spaceship
and pull him down.
Hmm. Oh, I know!
What about a space chain?
That could work.
But it's a little too short
to reach the spaceship.
No problem.
We'll make some more
and connect them together
to make a super-long one.
Great thinking, Baby Box.
Will you show us how to make them?
Of course.
OK.
To make a space chain,
first you pick a colorful pipe cleaner.
Then you bend it
into whatever shape you want.
Like a star,
a swirly galaxy,
a moon,
or even a planet.
Look, I made a Saturn.
Ooh. I'm gonna make a swirly galaxy
with this purple pipe cleaner.
I'm gonna make planet Mars!
The Red Planet.
Now that we have all our shapes,
let's twist them together.
Let's give it a go!
[Baby Box] ♪ Grab a shape and twist it ♪
Everybody!
[all] ♪ Grab a shape and twist it ♪
♪ Grab a shape and twist it ♪
Pandy, that's really cool!
[giggles] Wahoo!
[Gabby laughs]
[Baby Box] Ta-da!
Oh, Baby Box! I love the pattern you made.
Star, planet, moon.
-Star, planet, moon, Baby Box!
-[Baby Box giggles]
Thanks, Gabby!
Let's see yours.
Do you like my ribbons?
Whoa! Yours is so pretty!
Thanks, Baby Box.
OK. Now let's put our chains together
to make one really long chain.
[all] ♪ Grab a shape and twist it ♪
♪ Grab a shape and twist it ♪
There. Now it's super long!
Now we can pull CatRat
back to the Dollhouse!
Oh, that reminds me.
Let's check in with Kitty Fairy
and see how CatRat's doing.
Here you go, Gabby.
You can use my box phone.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Boop. Calling Kitty Fairy.
[box phone chiming]
[chiming]
-[beep]
-Hello?
Hey, Kitty Fairy. How's CatRat doing?
Well, he's still asleep,
and the spaceship is floating
a little further away, but it's all good.
Great!
Baby Box helped us make
a super-long space chain.
It will definitely reach the spaceship.
Flower-iffic!
See you soon!
Thanks, Baby Box.
Anytime.
[Cakey] Help! Help!
Uh-oh!
That sounds like Cakey in the Kitchen.
-And it sounds like he's in trouble.
-We have to help him.
Bye, Baby Box! Thanks!
Bye!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
Back to the Kitchen, Cat-A-Vator!
And fast!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
[Cakey sobs] Wah-ha-ha-ha!
Gabby! Pandy!
Help! Wah-ha!
Cakey, what happened, buddy?
[sniffles] Well... [panting]
I was making my Sticky Cat Paws frosting,
and... and...
I got sticky-stuck!
Wah-ha-ha-ha!
Can't let perfectly yummy sprinkles
go to waste.
Aww. It's OK to be upset, Cakey.
But help is here.
First, let's take a deep breath
to make you feel better,
and then we'll get you down.
Let's breathe in...
[all inhale deeply]
...and then out.
[all exhale]
Let's breathe in...
[all inhale deeply]
...and then out.
[all exhale]
[Cakey exhales]
I... I do feel a little better now.
All right, let's get you down.
[Pandy grunts]
Ooh!
Wow, he's really stuck!
I don't know how we're gonna get him down.
Y-You... You don't know
how to get me down?
[Cakey sobs] Wah!
Cakey, we don't know
how to get you down yet,
but we're not giving up.
I wonder what we could use
to unstick Cakey?
Well, when something gets stuck
on my cookie sheet,
I use my big spatula to get it off.
Great idea, Cakey! Let's give it a go!
OK, we're all gonna need to work together
on this one.
Cakey, you wiggle.
Wiggle, wiggle!
I'll spatula. And Pandy, you catch.
[Pandy] On it.
Ready?
[others] Ready!
OK, Cakey,
wiggle!
I'm wiggling!
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle!
[Gabby] Spatula.
[Gabby grunts]
It's working!
Pandy, get ready to... catch!
[Cakey] Whee!
I got him! I got him! Catch!
Uh-oh. Oof!
[muffled] I'm OK.
You saved me!
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Sprinkle party!
[Pandy munches]
Hey, the happy sprinkles
are even more delicious!
Oh, Gabby, Pandy, since you're here,
do you want to learn
how to make my Sticky Cat Paws?
I've always got time to fill my tummy
with some yummies.
OK. Let's grab some dough
and give it a go!
All right, Cakey, how do you make
these yummy, sticky treats?
I'll show you. First, we roll the dough.
[all] ♪ We're rolling, we're rolling ♪
[Cakey]
♪ Now give it a swirl and a twirl ♪
[all] We're swirling, we're twirling
Uh-oh. I think I made a mistake.
My swirl looks more like a smush.
It's OK, Pandy. Mistakes can be messy.
I like your smush.
It probably still tastes good.
Now roll the toes!
[all] ♪ Roll the toes, roll the toes ♪
♪ Put them in your oven
And watch them rise ♪
♪ Watch them rise, watch them rise ♪
Then we add my super-sticky frosting.
Yeah!
♪ Frost the paws, frost the paws ♪
-And now...
-This is my favorite part.
Eat them up! Eat them up!
♪ Eat them up, eat them up, mm-mm! ♪
♪ That's right ♪
♪ Eat them up, eat them up ♪
♪ Mm-mm! ♪
♪ We did it! ♪
♪ Yum! ♪
[all laugh]
I love bakey with Cakey!
[others] Yay!
I'll take this one for later.
Move over, banana.
-[Cakey] Oh, Pandy! [giggles]
-[Floyd meows]
Oh! Hi, Floyd.
[Floyd purrs]
[Gabby] Are you smelling
our delicious Sticky Cat Paws?
[Floyd meows]
Gabby, Pandy, we got a big problem!
Look! CatRat floated out of the Dollhouse!
[Gabby] Oh, no! CatRat!
-[Floyd meows]
-[Gabby] Floyd!
No, Floyd! That's not a kitty toy!
-CatRat!
-[Floyd meows]
Hmm? Huh? What's going on?
[CatRat gasps] Ooh!
[screams] Gabby!
I need help, please!
[Gabby] Don't worry, CatRat!
Help's on the way.
Come on. We need to get up
to the Garden, quick!
I'll meet you there.
[Floyd meows]
[CatRat] No, Floyd! Go away!
Go away, Floyd!
-[both] Thanks, Cat-A-Vator!
-[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
[CatRat whimpers]
Gabby, you got to get me out of here!
We'll save you, CatRat!
Well, can you hurry up, please?
Here we go.
Oh, no! It bounced right off!
If only we had something sticky
to put on the end of the chain,
then it would stick to the ship.
Yeah, but... [munches] ...where are we
gonna get something sticky?
[munches]
Uh... Pandy!
What? Do I have frosting on my whiskers?
No. But we can use that Sticky Cat Paw
to stick to the end of the space chain.
Oh, right!
[Pandy slurps]
Thanks!
-[Floyd meows]
-[CatRat] Any day now!
Come on, Gabby! You can do it!
[CatRat gasps]
Hooray for Sticky Cat Paws!
-Go, Gabby!
-Yay! Wahoo!
[Floyd meows]
Uh... Guys, I'm still out here!
Oh, right. Let's go, everybody.
Pull!
[pullers grunt]
Yeah, pull!
[all] Pull!
[pullers grunt]
-[Gabby] Whoo!
-[Pandy] Yeah!
[Baby Box] CatRat, you're back!
-All right!
-Yay, CatRat! You're safe!
[beep]
It's about time you got me out of there.
Aww, CatRat!
You know
we'd never let anything happen to you.
What would we do without our CatRat?
[CatRat] Mm.
Huh. That's right.
You should think about that the next time
you leave a flying cat bed lying around.
[giggles] It's not a cat bed, silly.
It's a spaceship!
A spaceship?
Uh... I knew that!
We're glad you're back, CatRat.
Oh.
What do you say we take this spaceship
out for a proper spin?
-Let's go!
-[Cakey] Spaceship, here I come!
[Baby Box] Yeah!
Everybody ready?
-Yeah!
-I am so ready!
Yeah, let's do it!
Here we go!
[beep]
[spaceship whirring]
[Cakey] Look at us go!
-[Kitty Fairy] Yeah!
-[Cakey] Look at everything from up here!
-[Gabby] Cat-tastic!
-[Pandy] Yay!
-[Kitty Fairy] Yeah!
-[Gabby] A spaceship in my bedroom!
-That's crazy!
-[Baby Box] I love spaceships!
This is awesome!
Ooh! Look what I found.
The party button!
-[Kitty Fairy] Oh, yeah!
-This spaceship is a-meow-zing!
-[Baby Box] Go, Pandy!
-[funky music playing]
Come on, CatRat.
Let yourself groove a little bit.
Oh, fine.
Oh, yeah!
Grooving in a spaceship!
[Kitty Fairy] Wahoo! Ooh-ooh!
-[Gabby] Nice moves, Pandy!
-[Kitty Fairy laughs] To the left!
[Gabby] Oh, yeah!
-[Kitty Fairy] Yeah!
-[Pandy] Way to do it!
Thanks for playing
in the Dollhouse with me.
Are you ready for another surprise?
[tempo quickens] ♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat of the Day! ♪
It's me! [giggles]
Hi. Cakey here.
There's nothing I love more
than a sprinkle party!
♪ Cupcakes, baking ♪
♪ Couple dozen treats in the making ♪
♪ Gonna gobble them up
When the timer sounds ♪
-[bell dings]
♪ Yes! ♪
♪ This is the sweet life, milk and honey ♪
♪ Come on in
I got yummies for your tummies ♪
♪ Let's bakey with Cakey ♪
♪ I'm gonna show you how ♪
♪ Every day is a sprinkle party ♪
♪ Treat yourself to that sweet sunshine ♪
♪ Come on in, it's a sprinkle party ♪
♪ Help yourself to anything you find ♪
Wait, that one's mine. [giggles]
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ I got the French toast with the most ♪
♪ Cherries and berries
Got to have them everywhere I go ♪
♪ You got to see to believe
All the things I'm making ♪
♪ Making ♪
♪ Watermelon smoothie, blueberry pie ♪
♪ Fondue got me spinning
Through the air like whoo! ♪
♪ Let's get together
And let's get baking ♪
♪ Baking ♪
-[bell dings]
♪ Every day is a sprinkle party ♪
♪ Treat yourself to that sweet sunshine ♪
♪ Come on in, it's a sprinkle party ♪
♪ Help yourself to anything you find ♪
♪ It's sprinkle time! ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
Cakeylicious!
♪ Every day is a sprinkle party ♪
♪ Treat yourself to that sweet sunshine ♪
♪ Come on in, it's a sprinkle party ♪
♪ Help yourself to anything you find ♪
♪ It's sprinkle time! ♪
Thanks for playing
in the Dollhouse with me.
Come back soon
and we'll open another Dollhouse surprise!
Bye.